the easiest place to begin is with a few
of the physical buttons found around the
outside of the screen although their
location will vary from model to model
the buttons will operate the same way
for instance the apps button brings up
all the apps currently available swipe
your finger across the screen or use the
left and right arrows at the bottom to
see more icons continue swiping to get
back to the first set tapping any of the
app icons will launch it let's tap the
traffic icon as an example as you
navigate into an app you can back up one
screen whenever the back arrow appears
in the upper right corner just tap it
home is probably the button you'll use
most frequently
it takes you directly to a home screen
you can customize to include the two or
three features you use the most
tap the feature and it will go
fullscreen to get back just press the
home button again pressing the audio
button will bring up the audio screen
for the last source that was playing to
change tap the source button in the
upper right corner then tap the icon for
the news source you want to listen to
assuming your smartphone has been paired
and connected you can press the phone
button to the right of the CD slot to go
to the phonebook there you can search
contacts and make a call with the tap of
a name and then a number instead of
using the touch screen you can also
access most of the apps using simple
voice commands
that's the recommended way to go when
you're driving
you